# Employee Tracker

## Description

LINK TO RECORDING CAN BE FOUND IN [USAGE](#usage)

This project is a command-line application that allows users to manage employee data. The application lets you view departments, roles, and employees, as well as add and update them in a PostgreSQL database. It is built with Node.js, Inquirer, and PostgreSQL.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

To install the necessary dependencies, run the following command: 
    npm install

Ensure you have a PostgreSQL database set up and the .env file configured with your credentials.

## Usage

Once the dependencies are installed and the database is set up, run the application using the following command:

npm run start

You will be presented with the following options:

    View all departments
    View all roles
    View all employees
    Add a department
    Add a role
    Add an employee
    Update an employee role

[CLICK HERE FOR VIDEO WALKTHROUGH](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DgvglPb5DTaT-kdwU3JAyq_tcnff7OX-/view?usp=sharing)
## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contributing

For now, this project is locked down and private. No contributions will be accepted since this is a solo class project.

## Questions

If you have any questions, feel free to open an issue.

Visit my GitHub profile: [dlastname](https://github.com/dlastname)

*Generated by [dlastname's Professional-README-Generator](https://github.com/dlastname/Professional-README-Generator)*